Update containerd docs (#3871)
kata-containers/kata-containers: docs/how-to/containerd-kata.md

  where the dot-connected string `io.containerd.kata.v2` is translated to `containerd-shim-kata-v2` (i.e. the 
  binary name of the Kata implementation of [Containerd Runtime V2 (Shim API)](https://github.com/containerd/containerd/tree/master/runtime/v2)).

```toml
    [plugins.cri.containerd]
      no_pivot = false
    [plugins.cri.containerd.runtimes]
      [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.runc]
         privileged_without_host_devices = false
         runtime_type = "io.containerd.runc.v2"
        [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.runc.options]
            BinaryName = ""
            CriuImagePath = ""
            CriuPath = ""
            CriuWorkPath = ""
            IoGid = 0
      [plugins.cri.containerd.runtimes.kata]
         runtime_type = "io.containerd.kata.v2"
         privileged_without_host_devices = true
         pod_annotations = ["io.katacontainers.*"]
         container_annotations = ["io.katacontainers.*"]
         [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.kata.options]
            ConfigPath = "/opt/kata/share/defaults/kata-containers/configuration.toml"
```

> From Containerd v1.2.4 and Kata Containers v1.6.0 or newer, a runtime option was added, which allows you to specify a specific Kata configuration file as follows:

Reviewer: I wonder if we should just drop the Kata version part here since its always available starting with Kata 2.0?

The `RuntimeClass` is suggested.

The following configuration includes two runtime classes:
- `plugins.cri.containerd.runtimes.runc`: the runc, and it is the default runtime.
- `plugins.cri.containerd.runtimes.kata`: The function in containerd (reference [the document here](https://github.com/containerd/containerd/tree/master/runtime/v2#binary-naming)) 
  where the dot-connected string `io.containerd.kata.v2` is translated to `containerd-shim-kata-v2` (i.e. the 
  binary name of the Kata implementation of [Containerd Runtime V2 (Shim API)](https://github.com/containerd/containerd/tree/master/runtime/v2)).

```toml
    [plugins.cri.containerd]
      no_pivot = false
    [plugins.cri.containerd.runtimes]
      [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.runc]
         privileged_without_host_devices = false
         runtime_type = "io.containerd.runc.v2"

>         [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.runc.options]

Reviewer: See: https://github.com/containerd/containerd/blob/main/RELEASES.md#deprecated-features -- only version=2 will be used starting in 2.0.

If you start your config by running `containerd config default`, you'll get a baseline config that has version=2 included.

            BinaryName = ""
            CriuImagePath = ""
            CriuPath = ""
            CriuWorkPath = ""
            IoGid = 0
      [plugins.cri.containerd.runtimes.kata]
         runtime_type = "io.containerd.kata.v2"
         privileged_without_host_devices = true

>          pod_annotations = ["io.katacontainers.*"]

Reviewer 2: Though it is seldom used, how about adding this too:

```
container_annotations = ["io.katacontainers.*"]
```

Author: Added this

         [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.kata.options]
            ConfigPath = "/opt/kata/share/defaults/kata-containers/configuration.toml"
```

> From Containerd v1.2.4 and Kata>v1.6.0, a runtime option was added, which allows you to specify a specific Kata configuration file as follows:

Reviewer 3: I appreciate this is in line with what was there before, but I'd still be inclined to spell this out for maximum clarity:

```suggestion
From Containerd v1.2.4 and Kata Containers versions v1.6.0 or newer, a runtime option was added, which allows you to specify a specific Kata configuration file as follows:
```

Author: addressed this

  where the dot-connected string `io.containerd.kata.v2` is translated to `containerd-shim-kata-v2` (i.e. the 
  binary name of the Kata implementation of [Containerd Runtime V2 (Shim API)](https://github.com/containerd/containerd/tree/master/runtime/v2)).

```toml
    [plugins.cri.containerd]
      no_pivot = false
    [plugins.cri.containerd.runtimes]
      [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.runc]
         privileged_without_host_devices = false
         runtime_type = "io.containerd.runc.v2"
        [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.runc.options]
            BinaryName = ""
            CriuImagePath = ""
            CriuPath = ""
            CriuWorkPath = ""
            IoGid = 0
      [plugins.cri.containerd.runtimes.kata]
         runtime_type = "io.containerd.kata.v2"
         privileged_without_host_devices = true
         pod_annotations = ["io.katacontainers.*"]
         container_annotations = ["io.katacontainers.*"]
         [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".containerd.runtimes.kata.options]
            ConfigPath = "/opt/kata/share/defaults/kata-containers/configuration.toml"
```

> From Containerd v1.2.4 and Kata Containers v1.6.0 or newer, a runtime option was added, which allows you to specify a specific Kata configuration file as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Containerd v1.2.4, a runtime option was added which allows you to specify a specific Kata configuration file as follows:
```

Reviewer: Sorry -- one more update -- looking at https://github.com/containerd/containerd/blob/main/RELEASES.md#support-horizon, 1.2 supported stopped in October 2020, so let's def just roll this into above toml snippet!

```bash
$ sudo ctr image pull docker.io/library/busybox:latest

> $ sudo ctr run --cni --runtime io.containerd.run.kata.v2 -t --rm docker.io/library/busybox:latest hello sh

Reviewer 4: @amshinde testing this now, do you know if this should work with our default configurations?

Reviewer 3: It would be great if you could update [`kata-manager`](https://github.com/kata-containers/kata-containers/blob/main/utils/README.md) to enable `--cni` too.

Author: Will do
